In `commitVote`, we check to ensure that the insert position (`_prevPollID`) actually exists by checking `getCommitHash(msg.sender, _prevPollID) != 0`. If a user sets their commit hash for that poll to zero, that check will fail even though it is a valid insertion position.

In [changes that have been made since the code was frozen for the audit](https://github.com/ConsenSys/PLCRVoting/commit/b2ae12779ba5344b723f42d821e6b9cede3ee088), `hasBeenRevealed` uses `getCommitHash` to throw if the hash is zero, which would prevent both `revealVote` and `rescueTokens` from succeeding if the user submitted a commit hash of zero, which would lock their tokens forever.

**Recommendation**

To distinguish polls that were never voted on from polls that were voted on and revealed, maintain attributes that are not controlled by user input. For instance, you could have `committed` and `revealed` attributes that are set to true when those events happen. Rather than use an attribute for `unlocked`, using `DLL.contains(pollID)` as the locked state ensures that tokens can always be rescued if they're in the list. This gives a few possible states:

* **all false**: never voted
* **committed, but not revealed or unlocked**: waiting for a reveal or a rescue
* **committed, revealed and unlocked**: user revealed on time
* **committed, not revealed, but unlocked**: user rescued tokens


`commitVote` needs to ensure that `_prevPollID` is the ID of a locked poll, so it would `require(DLL.contains(__prevPollID)`, then set `committed` to true before returning. Here's what would happen to each `hasBeenRevealed` call:

* `rescueTokens`: if `DLL.contains(_pollID)` and `isExpired(pollMap[_pollID].revealEndDate)`, remove the poll ID from the list
* `revealVote`: if `committed` is true and `revealed` is false, reveal the vote and set `revealed` to true
* `getNumPassingTokens`: if `revealed` is true, get the number of tokens they used to vote

Attempting to generalize `hasBeenRevealed` risks locking up tokens. Replacing it with explicit conditions for each case is safer.

<https://github.com/ConsenSys/PLCRVoting/issues/22>
